{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Purpose & context\
\
Batuhan works at Etstur developing and maintaining Meta Ads automation workflows that integrate Google Sheets with Meta's advertising API through n8n. His primary objective is optimizing hotel advertising campaigns while ensuring data consistency between manual changes in Meta Ads Manager and automated spreadsheet-driven updates. The work involves both Campaign Budget Optimization (CBO) and Ad Set Budget Optimization (ABO) workflows, with targeting and placement mapping for Facebook and Instagram ads. Key collaborators include team members at batuhan.celik@etstur.com, mert.pektas@etstur.com, and ece.sarac@etstur.com who receive error notifications and updates. Success is measured by workflow reliability, data accuracy, and the ability to scale advertising operations without manual intervention.Current stateBatuhan is actively maintaining and troubleshooting complex n8n workflows that process Meta Ads creative data, handle UTM parameter generation, phone number normalization, and URL processing. He's working with workflows containing dozens of nodes that require precise connection structures and proper error handling. Recent focus has been on fixing disconnected Update Campaign and Update AdSet nodes, implementing proper validation, and ensuring all workflow components are connected and functional. The current setup uses Google Sheets as both trigger and data storage, with polling configurations and specific range specifications to capture relevant data rows.Key learnings & principlesBatuhan has learned that preserving existing workflow structure is critical - modifications should enhance rather than replace established systems. He's discovered that Meta's API has strict limitations on which fields can be updated after creation (campaigns can only update name and status, while ad sets can update name, status, daily_budget, start_time, and end_time). A key insight is that manual changes in Meta Ads Manager create data inconsistencies that require sync functionality to resolve. He's found that Google Sheets comments with @mentions are more effective than email or Slack alerts for team notifications, and that comprehensive input validation prevents costly errors in advertising spend.Approach & patternsBatuhan follows a systematic approach to workflow optimization that prioritizes reliability and maintainability. He prefers detailed documentation explaining each node's purpose and comprehensive error handling with automatic recovery strategies. His problem-solving pattern involves identifying specific connection issues rather than rebuilding entire workflows, and he emphasizes the importance of maintaining all existing functionality while adding improvements. He uses polling configurations, batch processing for rate limit protection, and implements retry logic with exponential backoff for handling API limitations.Tools & resourcesBatuhan works extensively with n8n for workflow automation, Google Sheets for data management and triggering, and Meta Ads API for advertising operations. He uses specific n8n syntax including $input.item.json for current item processing and $input.itemIndex for matching corresponding items across nodes. His workflows integrate Google Drive for adding spreadsheet comments, Redis for rate limiting counters, and handle Turkish Lira to kuru\uc0\u351  conversions for Meta's budget requirements. He relies on environment variables like META_ACCESS_TOKEN for secure API authentication and uses HTTP Request nodes for Meta API integration when native nodes prove unreliable.}